.TH "Vala Panel" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
vala-panel \(em  Vala Panel is GTK+ 3 desktop panel. It is based on Vala and some LXPanel ideas. 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBvala-panel\fR [         {\fB-c\fP  | \fB\-\-command\fP }          \fIcommand name\fR       ]  [         {\fB-p\fP  | \fB\-\-profile\fP }          \fIprofile name\fR       ]  
.PP 
\fBvala-panel\fR [           {\fB-h\fP  | \fB\-\-help\fP }            |            {\fB-v\fP  | \fB\-\-version\fP }           ]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBvala-panel\fR command. 
.PP 
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution 
because the original program does not have a manual page. 
.PP 
\fBvala-panel\fR is a program that runs a panel 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
The program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`\-').  A summary of 
options is included below.  For a complete description, see the 
\fBinfo\fP\fB(1)\fP files. 
.IP "\fB-c \fIcommand\fR\fP" 10 
.IP "\fB\-\-command=\fIcommand name\fR\fP" 10 
Runs specific command on already opened panel. 
Valid commands without arguments are: menu, preferences, run, about, logout, shutdown, restart and quit. 
Valid commands with one string argument are launch-id, launch-uri, launch-command and panel-preferences. 
.IP "\fB-p \fIprofile\fR\fP" 10 
.IP "\fB\-\-profile=\fIprofile name\fR\fP" 10 
Runs panel with specified profile. This option will have an effect only if panel is not runs now. 
There are three preinstalled profiles: default, two_panels and appmenu. 
.IP "\fB-h\fP" 10 
.IP "\fB\-\-help\fP" 10 
Show summary of options. 
.IP "\fB-v\fP" 10 
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP" 10 
Show version of program. 
.SH "FILES" 
.IP "\fB${$XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/vala-panel/\fP" 10 
The per-user configuration folder to control the 
behaviour of \fBvala-panel\fP. 
It contains subfolders only, and it must contain at least one subfolder after a first run of \fBvala-panel\fP. 
Each subfolder is a profile for panel, and its name used as profile name with profile options. 
See default profiles for futher reference. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Sun 26 Apr 2015, 14:16 
